Build/add testnet (#1556)
iotaledger/iota-wiki: docs/build/getting-started/networks-endpoints.mdx

#### Additional Info

<NetworkInfo.EvmCustom {...Networks['shimmer_testnet']} />

## IOTA 2.0 Testnet

> [The IOTA 2.0 Testnet](https://explorer.shimmer.network/shimmer-testnet) acts as a test bed for builders without any real world value.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[The IOTA 2.0 Testnet](https://explorer.iota.org/iota2-testnet) acts as a test bed for builders without any real world value.
```

> :::info
> This network is subject to occasional resets (no data retention) which are usually announced with a one-week grace period.
> :::

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:::info

This network is subject to occasional resets (no data retention) which are usually announced with a one-week grace period.

:::
```
